feat: dynamic deposit (#242)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/02_chain/02_pallets/01_did.md

## What About the Deposit?

When writing a DID to the chain the submitter of the extrinsic has to pay a deposit.

> The base deposit is currently 2 KILT.

Reviewer: This suggests that it's 2 KILT exactly. Either give an exact number or make clear that it's an approximation.

Author: The base deposit is exactly [2 KILT](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/kilt-node/blob/develop/runtimes/common/src/constants.rs#L347) :thinking:

Reviewer: Ah Sorry... it wasn't exactly 2 KILT before. Good to know. 😁

For additional used storage, for example by adding more services, more tokens are taken as deposit, depending on the amount of additional storage taken.

> Freeing up memory reduces the deposit.

Reviewer: Memory is working memory, RAM while storage is persistent storage. Let's keep one wording here.

```suggestion
Freeing up storage reduces the deposit.
```

## What About the Deposit?

> When writing a DID to the chain the submitter of the extrinsic has to pay a deposit. The base deposit are currently 2 KILT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When writing a DID to the chain the submitter of the extrinsic has to pay a deposit.
The base deposit is currently 2 KILT.
```

> For additional used storage, for example by adding more service endpoints, the deposit increases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional used storage, for example by adding more services, more tokens are taken as deposit, depending on the amount of additional storage taken.
```

> Releasing memory reduces the deposit. This is to incentivize deleting unused DIDs to save storage on the chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Freeing up memory reduces the deposit.
This is to incentivize deleting unused DIDs or keys to reduce the total storage of the chain.
```
